# SD212 HW 01

## [name] Type your name on the next line
Caleb Chau

## [Q1]

> What name do you want to go by in class?
> (Please spell it out phonetically as well so I can be sure to
> pronounce it correctly!)
Caleb

## [Q2]

> In just a few sentences, tell me why you are a data science major.
I enjoy computing with big data, and eventually want to work on AI, which data science aligns perfectly with. I believe that AI is the future of the online world, and getting a head start on understanding how it works and its capabilities will ensure that I can be successful both in and out of the Navy.

## [Q3]

> Which aspect of Python programming do you feel *most confident*
>
> about coming in from last semester?
Reading in files and working through functions in a file.

## [Q4]

> What aspect of Python do you feel *least* confident about and would
>
> like to review more?
Sorting through information, like dataframes, dictreader. I would also want to learn more about recursions.

## [Q5]

> What is something interesting or different you found in the SD212
>
> course policy?
I'm excited about learning with Gemini Gem, again because it ties into what I want to eventually make a couple of years down the line!

## [Q6]

> After setting up your sd212 folder as instructed above, open an
>
> ssh terminal in your new sd212 folder and run the following command:
>
>     pixi info
>
> This should give you a bunch of information. To check that it worked
> correctly, paste as an answer to this question what pixi says is
> the "Prefix location". (Should start with `/home`)
/home/mids/m281134/sd212/.pixi/envs/default

